Fix bug where DataManager breaks on deleting db file (#5089)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5089.bugfix.rst

> Fixed bug where `DataManager` used to break upon deleting `data_manager.db`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug where `sunpy.data.data_manager.storage.DataManager` would fail to recover upon deleting the sqlite database file.
```
